hi everybody this is Neil Bertrand I am
the owner and publisher of Cypress Cove
publishing and I've written three books
this is my newest book slow cooker meals
and I have written rice cooker meals
fast on cooking for busy people
and I've also written down home Cajun
cooking favorites
but today we're going to talk about my
book slow cooker meals easy home cooking
for busy people this will allow you to
cook your favorite meals in a crock-pot
and so today we're going to do a recipe
from my book called peanut clusters on
page 88 and so the first thing we're
gonna add in today is one jar one
16-ounce jar of lightly salted peanuts
another 16-ounce jar of unsalted peanuts
we have a bag of Nestle's semi-sweet
chocolate this is a twelve ounce bag as
you can see here put that in here
we have a box of Baker's German sweet
chocolate bar we have it chopped up in
this bowl put that in here and then we
have two packages of vanilla flavor
almond bark and these are 1 pound 8
ounces each so I took them out of the
bag and they come like this so we just
don't dip in here and the second package
according to the directions you put
everything in the pot cover it and turn
it on low and let it cook for 3 hours
all of this will melt then after the 3
hours is up then you stir it very well
all right I'll check back with you later
all right it's been 3 hours and I'm
gonna stir this
it's all melted peanuts are at the
bottom real soft
so when it's all stirred we'll scoop it
out place it on wax paper so it can
Harden it smells good I'm going to start
dishing this out normally
we will put it in individual piles but I
will want to make it so it's thinner
that way I can just crumple up break
them up into pieces this is to give that
samples so it will be easier to break up
and give away small portion sizes so as
I said earlier this is a recipe from my
book slow cooker meals easy home cooking
for busy people and this is peanut
brittle which is a recipe from my book
or I guess you can call it peanut
clusters to order my book you can go to
Cypress Cove publishing dot-com /sc M or
you can go to amazon.com and type in
slow cooker meals easy home cooking for
busy people and buy it directly through
amazon.com but what up it's done it's
turned hard after about two hours and so
I'm going to cut it in pieces and give
it samples at an event in a couple of
days to promote my slow cooker meals
book so I guess that's it thanks for
watching